welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
crimson peak
in buffalo new york 1887
american heiress edith cushing is the
daughter of wealthy businessman carter
cushing
one night young edith is visited by her
deceased mother's black
disfigured ghost who warns her beware of
crimson peak
in 1901 edith now a budding author
meets sir thomas sharp an english
baronet who has come to the united
states with his sister
lucille he seeks investors for his clay
mining invention
edith notices that both siblings
clothing is expensively made but
outdated and rather worn
unimpressed with sharp's previous
failures to raise capital
mr cushing rejects thomas's proposal
when thomas and edith become
romantically attached
edith's father and her childhood friend
dr
alan mcmichael disapprove
mr cushing hires a private detective who
uncovers unsavory facts about the sharps
mr cushing then bribes the siblings to
leave america immediately
ending thomas and edith's romance
thomas however sends edith a note
explaining his actions and proposes to
her
after mr cushing's mysteriously gruesome
death
edith and thomas marry and return to
england
they arrive at allerdale hall the sharps
dilapidated mansion in cumberland
which is steadily sinking into the red
clay mine it sits the top while being
eroded by the weather
lucille is cold toward edith while
thomas remains physically distant
their marriage unconsummated lucille
obsessively plies edith with tea made
from
fire thorne berries and thomas persuades
her to obtain the first half of her late
father's estate to continue construction
on his mining machine
gruesome red ghosts begin appearing to
edith throughout the mansion
frightening her and concerning the
sharks
thomas takes edith on an outing to the
local post office
the postal clerk gives edith a letter
from italy addressed to e sharp
edith discovers that thomas had a
connection to an italian woman whose
first initial is also
e thomas and edith are snowed in for the
night and take the opportunity to
finally make love
lucille angrily lashes out after their
return
seemingly upset that edith and thomas
slept together
disturbing edith while lucille is
distracted
edith steals one of her many keys by the
time thomas mentions that the estate is
referred to as
crimson peak due to the warm red clay
seeping through the snow
edith is growing weak and coughing up
blood
edith explores the mansion and pieces
clues together
discovering that thomas previously
married three wealthy women
one an italian named enola seody whose
locked trunk is stored in the basement
next to bats of blood red clay
a ghost lures her to a closet where she
discovers wax cylinders in which one of
thomas's previous wives recorded a
message revealing the sharps poisoned
her for her inheritance
edith realizes lucille is poisoning her
and that the siblings have had a
years-long incestuous relationship
resulting in a sickly child that died
shortly after birth
lucille the more deranged sibling also
murdered their mother after she
discovered her children's incest
thomas inherited the family manner that
like
many aristocratic estates of the era is
no longer profitable
the sharps are virtually penniless
the siblings thus began a marriage and
murder
scheme to support themselves and finance
thomas's inventions
when edith reveals her discoveries
lucille pushes her from a balcony
hoping to kill edith but only breaking
her leg
back in the united states allen learns
what mr cushing uncovered about the
sharps prior to his death
thomas's multiple marriages and lucille
being in a mental institution
he travels to allerdale hall in the dead
of winter to rescue edith
when alan arrives he finds edith nearly
bedridden
lucille demands that thomas kill him
by now thomas feels suffocated by
lucille
wants to leave all this behind and has
fallen in love with edith
wishing to protect her he inflicts a
non-fatal stab wound to alan and hides
him
lucille forces edith to sign a transfer
deed granting the sharp's ownership of
her estate and proclaims she murdered
edith's father
edith stabs lucille and attempts to flee
thomas burns the transfers and begs his
sister to leave the house so they can
all be together
lucille realizes he also wants edith
with them
upset and jealous that thomas loves
edith she kills him in a blind rage
then pursues edith aided by thomas's
ghost
edith kills lucille with a shovel
she silently bids thomas farewell before
he vanishes
edith and alan are rescued by the
villagers whereas lucille becomes the
black ghost of allerdale hall
trapped in the mansion playing piano for
all eternity
the end credits imply that edith has
written a novel titled
crimson peak based on her experiences
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos